# Flat a File System " A Easys way to archive files"

# Description

Given a no empty folder **ffs** will:
- **per default** just export a csv file that will match original file and renamed files for debug and check proporsals
- move and rename all file if is -x execute flag on. 
- add autogenerated uuid for prevent files replacements
- add if -c or -m flag creation and/or modification date to renamed file name. 
- rename and move all .files.

> Warning: -k flag may make files (i.e. ".git/HEAD") unusable. 

**fps** ist the string parser that ffs tool uses and can be used as standalone tool for debug, justing checking or others proporsals.

# Motivation

After mulptiple attemps to find a predictable way to organise files in a organised system proves to be very useful the Idea of a organisation by file extension. **ffs** intendes to supply a handy tool to archive files in a system. Files path are parsed and cutte following a give max. string length. In this way becomes ffs renames the a give file with the file path in the way that someone can quickfly find what a file its handles. Assuming "User/Documents/Contract1.pdf" will be passed via command line will be "pdf/user-docu-cont.pdf". Someone can argue that this is not resonable. May be it becomes hhard to find out the connection between this files. For it ffs export a csv file in the form "extension; original filename; renamed file" to better documentation. ffs renames or moves *per default* any file, just export a csv. The options flag -x execute the command until all files are passed.

# Installation

``` shell
$ git clone https://github.com/heapsta/ffs-tools.git 
$ ./install.sh ** TO BE IMPLEMENTED
```

# Usage

``` 
$ ffs 
- v : toggles verbose mode
- x : execute script moving and renaming files
- c : add creation date
- m : add 
- l : change default max. string length
``` 
```
$ fps 
- u : add uuid sufix 
- c : add creation date as prefix
- m : add modification date as prefix
- l : change default max. string length
```

# Collaborations and Issues
Just feel free to use, fork or make some contribuition 😉️😉️😉️!


# Style Guide

**ffs** tools follow this recommendations: 
- https://google.github.io/styleguide/shellguide.html#s2-shell-files-and-interpreter-invocationp
